Podman commands in chapters 2 to 6 (#85)
hsf-training/hsf-training-docker: _episodes/03-running-containers.md

- "Understand container state"
- "Stop and restart containers"
keypoints:
- "Run containers with `podman run <image-id>`"
- "Monitor containers with `podman ps`"
- "Exit interactive sessions using the `exit` command"

> - "Restart stopped containers with `podman start`"

Reviewer: again, I don't see "key points" on the web page...

Author: <img width="1199" alt="image" src="https://github.com/hsf-training/hsf-training-docker/assets/2147367/19a6c7fd-af6d-4eed-8030-bb14ee675667">
Strange... they are at the bottom, could you check again?

Reviewer: yes, again, sorry for missing it

---
<iframe width="427" height="251" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/UejGBfppmZY?list=PLKZ9c4ONm-VnqD5oN2_8tXO0Yb1H_s0sj" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> To use a image as a particular instance on a host machine you [run][podman-docks-run]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use an image as a particular instance on a host machine, you [run][podman-docs-run]
```

~~~
{: .output}

> ## Working directory
>
>You may be wondering why you are at `/home/docker/data` inside the container.
>This is the working directory that was set for the image.
>
> In the next chapters we will see how to build your own images

> > and set parameters as the working directory.

Reviewer: "set parameters such as the"

>{: .source}
{: .callout}

## Monitoring Containers

Open up a new terminal tab on the host machine and

> [list the containers that are currently running][podman-docs-ps]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[list the containers that are currently running][podman-docs-ps]:
```

~~~
{: .output}

So this shows us that we can exit containers for arbitrary lengths of time and then
return to our working environment inside of them as desired.

>## Clean up a container
>

> >If you want a container to be [cleaned up][podman-docks-run-clean-up] &mdash; that is

Reviewer: "that is, deleted"

> >If you want a container to be [cleaned up][podman-docks-run-clean-up] &mdash; that is

Reviewer: "[cleaned up][podman-docks-run-clean-up]" is not properly formatted as a link on the web page

>deleted &mdash; after you exit it then run with the `--rm` option flag
>
>~~~bash
>podman run --rm -it <IMAGE> /bin/bash
>~~~
>{: .source}
{: .callout}

[podman-docks-run]: https://docs.podman.io/en/stable/markdown/podman-run.1.html
[docker-hub-python]: https://github.com/docker-library/python
[podman-docks-ps]: https://docs.podman.io/en/stable/markdown/podman-ps.1.html
[podman-docks-rename]: https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/rename/
[podman-docks-start]: https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/start/
[podman-docks-attach]: https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/attach/

> [podman-docks-exec]: https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/exec/

Reviewer 2: Are the podman documents not complete (ie the docker ones are better)?
Maybe use `[podman-docker-...]` instead of podman-docks- ?
```
[podman-docks-ps]: https://docs.podman.io/en/stable/markdown/podman-ps.1.html
[podman-docks-rename]: https://docs.podman.io/en/stable/markdown/podman-rename.1.html
[podman-docks-start]: https://docs.podman.io/en/stable/markdown/podman-start.1.html
[podman-docks-attach]: https://docs.podman.io/en/latest/markdown/podman-attach.1.html
[podman-docks-exec]: https://docs.podman.io/en/latest/markdown/podman-exec.1.html
```

Author: Some of the docs are about Dockerhub, others about Podman command-line. I am fixing them.

> [podman-docks-exec]: https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/exec/

Reviewer: not a big deal, but why are these aliased to "podman-docks" instead of "podman-docs"?

Author: Typo when using the replace command :D
